docs: update release notes (#1566)
aerogear/graphback: docs/releases.md

Graphback 0.14 contains a lot of breaking changes that will improve and simplify your application code.

#### Changed annotation syntax

> All annotations now use a single syntax format: `@annotation(foo 'bar')`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All annotations now use a uniform syntax format: `@annotation(foo 'bar') that is similar to GraphQL Directives`
```
